%
the nostalgic ones of the school of formerly one their music on the sorgue
a place which are thus returned in caustic and the soft peace of the
dreams of children during the long days various why for the
room while the master trying to inculcate the multiplication tables
this place that plunges us but devilishly into the atmosphere of the great meaulnes
it is precisely the museum of the school of the past
but the efforts of the association which took a decade to gather
photos of obsolete objects today
the museum has taken up residence in the associative pole of l'ill sur la sorgue
there are strange machines like this machine to learn spelling
older instruments and especially all the passion of the members of
the association
the formula pleases since more than 4000 visitors passed in this room
of class looking for a bygone era
so we can wonder what people are coming here for
visit in a museum visit
for older people it is often
with a little nostalgia find the school in which they lived
write intermission howlett interstage with them the door hurts and
the inkwell
on paper and with the blotter
this technique that got lost
since the arrival the production of skill pencils and even more the
since the use of the computer
but this museum is not to freeze it on the contrary
it is a lively place we held a popular animation of the public as
the inevitable diptych which once a month brings together enthusiasts
spelling history to get back to life for a few moments in his
childhood road memories
all the coastlines
2 3
there she is
allah telly
we could